upd readme (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/xaf-how-to-show-a-new-object-detail-view-via-the-navigation-control: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E236)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# XAF - How to Show a New Object Detail View via the Navigation Control

> This example demonstrates how to execute custom code when the navigation control's item is clicked. In our case we create a new object and show its detail view when a user clicks a custom item in the navigation control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to execute custom code when the navigation control's item is clicked. Here we created a new object and show its detail view when a user clicks a custom item in the navigation control.
```

<kbd>![image](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/XAF_how-to-show-a-new-object-detail-view-via-the-navigation-control-e236/assets/14300209/942a8ff8-e26d-478b-8e2f-9a1b66720d69)</kbd>

## Implementation Details

> For details, refer to the following topic: [How to: Create a New Object using the Navigation Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/112920/application-shell-and-base-infrastructure/navigation/how-to-create-a-new-object-using-the-navigation-control).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following topic for more information: [How to: Create a New Object using the Navigation Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/112920/application-shell-and-base-infrastructure/navigation/how-to-create-a-new-object-using-the-navigation-control).
```
